Name - Surname: Emre Çoban
ID: 2200765028

Effects Of Artificial Intelligence In Social Life

The effect of artificial intelligence on social life is increasing day by day. So how will this effect develop in the future? What will artificial intelligence do? Will it be more functional or is the trend getting worse? In this article, I will examine questions like these and the effect of artificial intelligence on social life.

When we say the effect of artificial intelligence on social life, we are talking about the use of artificial intelligence for the purpose of facilitating people's daily life and reducing the difficulty of professions. For example, the use of google's assistant and Apple's Siri to make people's phone experiences better and more effective is the most common example of this. Is it only limited to this? Of course not. In many areas, artificial intelligence has already begun to affect social life and this effect is gradually increasing. With the increase in the use of electric vehicles, smart and autonomous vehicles have started to proliferate. We can clearly say that the future of autonomous vehicle technology is bright. Every person who goes to work in the USA loses an average of 35 minutes in traffic.With the autonomous vehicles people can spend that time for what they wish. Other developing areas of  A.I being used are to diagnose the patient in health problems and to determine the appropriate personalized treatment, which has the capacity to greatly reduce health expenditures. Translation applications by recognizing the photo and voice -which is perfect development for tourists- . We can say that the face recognition system is helping the police to fight against crime , and in the future this help will be increased surely. Similarly, it is expected to gradually come to the fore in the judicial system. Benefiting from each other's experiences of people using the same application is another positive effect on social life that has been used today. Does artificial intelligence will only have positive effects? Of course no. According to experts, 7 million jobs are at risk with the development of artificial intelligence, and people who work in these jobs seem doomed to be unemployed in the coming years , which indicates that it will be difficult for millions of people to make a living in the future. Also privacy issue is an another problem too, how secure is our information in the hands of these big companies, can we continue to live like this as if there is no problem? Or do those who hold this data have to be accountable? These are still not fully understood and met at a common point, but data is gradually becoming the most valuable material in the world. This means that data privacy will be more important in the future, so it will definitely be resolved.
In short, we are almost sure that the impact of artificial intelligence on society will be positive. However, its negative effects cannot be ignored. With these developments, people should be made conscious, new technology should be introduced to people, prejudices should be destroyed. Because only then can we go further. I hope my writing has been effective.


RESOURCES:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyRPyRKHO8M
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ePZ7OdY-Dw
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsARoJmospc
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSDfma4VEx8